docs: fixes and todo list (#145)
PredictiveMovement/digital-twin: README.md

- `main` — is a protected branch and requires PR:s to be changed, this is automatically synced with CI environment.
- `Releases` - To push a new release - create a new Release in the Github UI and when published, a new build will automatically be pushed to prod.

### Known bugs

- Updates are sent four times per booking
```
    booking update b-Vbtb-2thc Delivered undefined
    booking update b-Vbtb-2thc Delivered undefined
    booking update b-Vbtb-2thc Delivered undefined
    booking update b-Vbtb-2thc Delivered undefined
```

- Passengers do not board/ride buses.
- Passengers do not board/ride taxis.
- Taxis do not cluster.
- Trips are not displayed in passenger's hoverInfoBox.
- Emitting `passengerUpdates` makes the simulator crash with a `maximum call stack exceeded` error.

> - Generated passengers are clumped togehter, sometiems 1, sometimes 7 or more passengers are on the same spot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generated passengers are clumped together, sometimes 1, sometimes 7 or more passengers are on the same spot.
```
